♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase, ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Ryder] "Pups and the Pirate Treasure."
[sighs]
Come on,
my beautiful blue-footed booby bird.
I know you're around here!
[bird squawks]
[gasps] Bingo!
Now, to get an egg-straordinary picture
of the birdie with her egg!
[squawks]
Ah! Nice booby bird!
Nice-- Ah, whoa!
Help!
Whoa!
I just need to get out.
I'm stuck!
[grunts]
Ow!
Who's pinching my pants?
Ah, a crabby crustacean.
[chatters]
[chuckles]
Where in the world did I wind up?
Hmm.
[beeps]
Cool cavern!
[gasps] A pirate flag!
This was a pirate hideout!
Maybe even the hideout
of Captain Blackfur.
Yah!
[chuckles]
Okay, that was, uh, seriously spooky.
How will I get out of here?
-Oh, I know, the PAW Patrol!
-[beeps]
Ready, Marshall?
Uh, I don't think I can do it, Ryder.
Every time I try,
the ball misses the basket.
-And hits me.
-[giggles]
Ah! [grunts]
Oops. [chuckles]
Sorry, Rubble.
It's okay, Marshall.
I kind of expected it.
[all laugh]
I know how you can get a basket.
Come on, pups!
[both bark]
[phone rings]
[beeps]
Hi, Cap'n Turbot!
I need some help, Ryder!
I'm caught in a creepy cavern!
What happened?
I was up on the cliff
trying to take booby bird pictures
when I fell into a pirate's hideout.
Pirates?
Yes, I'm almost totally completely
unquestionably confident
I could maybe possibly perhaps have fallen
into the lost lair
of the mysterious Captain Blackfur!
Wow! Really?
Maybe positively even!
We're on it.
No job is too big. No pup is too small!
We're on our way!
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
Launch it, Zuma!
Here goes!
[grunts]
Whoa!
Wahoo!
[grunts]
Hey, I'm supposed to be
the flying pup around here!
That's fine with me.
[all laugh]
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
[beeps]
Thanks for getting here so quickly, pups!
Cap'n Turbot was taking pictures
of the blue-footed booby bird…
-[bird squawks]
-Ah!
-…when he fell into a hidden cavern.
-A hidden cavern?
Yeah, a cavern filled with pirate stuff.
He even thinks
it might belong to Captain Blackfur.
Blackfur?
Adventure Bay's most mysterious pirate?
Exactly!
According to legend,
no one knows what he looked like
or what happened to his treasure.
Oh, pick me! Pick me!
For this treasure hunt, I need…
-[beeps]
-Chase!
[sighs]
I need your winch to lower me
into the cave and pull Cap'n Turbot out.
Chase is on the case!
And then… Rubble!
[gasps]
I need your shovel
in case we need to dig in the cavern.
Rubble on the double!
The rest of you pups, stand by.
I still might need you.
All right, PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[howls]
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Chase! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[siren blares]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Rubble! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-[tires squeals]
[tires squeal]
[siren blares]
Okay, let's find that cave entrance.
[Turbot] Ryder? Pups? Is that you?
Cap'n Turbot, you all right?
Ahoy, Ryder, I'm doing dandy!
-Chase, winch hook.
-[barks]
Don't worry, Cap'n.
We'll have you out in no time.
[barks] Winch hook!
-Okay, lower me down, Chase!
-[beeps]
Steady, there you are.
Thanks, Cap'n!
Am I glad to see you, Ryder!
Look what I found!
Cool, an old pirate spyglass.
Wait, if this cave really was
Blackfur's hideout,
how did he get all this stuff in here?
Good question!
There has to be
another easier way out of here.
Like a tunnel of some sort.
-[beeps]
-Chase and Rubble, we need you down here!
[whimpers]
I sure hope there aren't
any spiders down here,
like on the floor!
Ooh, spider cooties!
[chuckles]
Thanks, Chase! Rubble's down!
Whoa, this is cool!
Ah!
[panting]
Great catch, Ryder. Thanks!
[laughs] You're welcome, Rubble.
[laughs]
[barks]
How about a little… [barks] …light?
Whoa, nice flag, Cap'n Turbot.
Hey, Rubble, check this out!
Whoa!
A real pirate hat!
That was on a real pirate's head?
Try it on.
Argh, shiver me timbers!
[all laugh]
[sniffs]
I think I smell something.
A-ha!
[sniffs]
I smell… [sniffs]
…sea water!
That must be the way to the beach!
But we can't get out through there.
It's blocked!
Rubble, you know what to do.
Argh, stand back, land-lubbers!
Shovel! [barks]
This is going to take a while.
[barks]
Phew!
All that's left is to move
that big boulder.
[waves crashing]
I hear waves.
We'd better get Zuma to tell us
what it looks like from the beach side.
-[beeps]
-Zuma, I need you to come to the--
North Shore beach?
On my way, Ryder!
I totally knew you'd call!
It's all beach here, Ryder.
You're going to come out
right on the sand.
Go for it!
All right, let's hit the beach!
One, two, three, push!
[all grunt]
Yeah!
-[barks]
-Wahoo!
[chuckles]
[grunts]
Whoa! [grunts]
[coughs]
Thanks, Rubble.
No worries.
Check out this old bottle.
It looks like there's something in it.
A bottle with a message! Yes!
That must have been buried in the tunnel.
It looks like an old map.
A pirate treasure map?
Could be, but part of it's missing.
There's no X to mark the spot
where the treasure should be buried.
Looks like we've got a mystery.
I need all paws on deck
to figure this one out!
A pirate treasure map!
[howls]
This could be
our most epic adventure ever!
[beeps]
Skye, Rocky, Marshall!
Meet us at the beach below the cliffs!
-[all bark]
-[Skye laughs]
-[howls]
-[all bark]
Whoa!
[siren blares]
Did you really find a treasure map?
Yeah, check it out!
Wow, I've never seen
a real treasure map before!
Well, we won't know if it's real
until we find the treasure,
and we won't find the treasure
until we find the rest of the map.
What happened to the rest of it?
Captain Blackfur hid
two more parts of the map.
Listen!
"A priceless treasure awaits ye
who finds the map torn into three."
And look, there's a clue
to the next part of the map!
"The part of the map that you seek
hides in the big parrot's beak."
Big parrot? In Adventure Bay?
Hey, those boulders
at the bottom of Jake's mountain
kind of look like a parrot.
Yeah, let's check it out.
[all barking]
Okay, pups, let's see what we can find.
-Uh…
-[all cheering]
I'll stay here
and watch over the pirate property!
Good luck!
[sighs]
Those pups get to have all the fun.
[theme song playing]